Please change whatever you would like to; this is merely a jumping off point

INTRODUCTION
    Hello! We are a team of three! We are Emma, Jose, and Faisal! When we first set off on this project, we wanted
    to focus on something that is actually affecting people today to see if we coukd put something together that could
    alleviate that pain point. We landed on parents and their access to their students school life. 

PAIN POINT
    - As a school district, we are responsible for the access our parents have to the involvement
    what happens on our camppuses. We understand the reality of some of our parents who work two 
    maybe even three jobs and who cannot afford the time to come out to campus to tell us what they
    think of the decisions we are making. 
    -That is why we built this website. At the core of this website is accessibility for our parents 
    we hope that parents can log onto this website after a long day and find just the right information
    they need
    - Lastly we know that some parents cannot always voice their opinions because quite frankly, they are 
    busy with work. Let us show you how we solved some of these pressing issues to give the information 
    and the voice back to our parents  


THE ADMIN HUB
    -The admin hub was designed to empower parents to share their perspective on some of the questions the
    school and the community are trying to understand. 
    
    VOTING FEATURE
        -From understanding what day works best for most of our parents to make it out to Teach/Parent Night to 
        what food the community wants to see at the school fair, our voting feature allows our parents to quickly 
        share their vote with us so we can make informed decisions

    SCHOOL MEETING SUMMARIES
        -We understand how important transparency is in building a trusting relationship with our community. We 
        want our community to see front and center that we always put student well being and student success at 
        the center of the decisions we make  


DASHBOARD
    -The website was designed with the parent perspective. That is why we have created the dashboard. A place where 
    they can find a lot of the most important information they need. Some highlights include: 
        1. The announcements section to get caught up really quickly
        2. The quick poll feature allows parents to quickly share their opinion
        3. Your students grades for when you want to quickly check in on how they are doing 

RESOURCES
    -The resources page is aimed at giving the community at large the resources and links that they need to 
    make informed decisions with and for their students. You can find everything from school related resources 
    school district related ones


TEACHER COMMUNITY
    -The teacher community section is truly aimed at getting teachers and parents connected. As you can see the
    teacher posted a very important message about parents making sure that they submit the permission slip so that 
    their student can attend the trip to the zoo. On top of that, the parent does not need to send a physical copy 
    with their student, they can simply click on the link to submit the form online. This level of communication and
    access is a game changer to engaging our studnets in extracurriculars. Just think about all the cool posts teachers
    can share with parents!

PARENT COMMUNITY
    The parent community section of our page is really aimed at encouraging our parents to build community and support 
    systems with each other. As you can see, Jane has already submitted a post inviting all parents to come out to hang
    out at the park! 

CONCLUSION
    We hope you can see the value of Parent Connect. We set off to connect our parents with their teacher, with their administrators, 
    with each other, and with the success of their students. At the end of the day, if just one parent is having a hard time 
    connecting with the school or getting their voice heard, we hope that our solution provides a stepping stone to mending that
    relationship and a foundation for collaboration!